Hey, it's me, Destin. Welcome back to Smarter Every Day.
It will probably surprise you to hear that we had hockey on the
university where I went. Anyway today we are going to talk about the physics of a slap shot.
You become smarter every day.
No, dude, do you miss a tooth?
That is so typical for a hockey player. Can I see it?
What did you do when your tooth was knocked out? 3 years ago. 3 what? 3 and a half years ago.
That's great guy. Is that a kind of access ritual that you have to lose a tooth
to play hockey? No, I mean ... ah ...
Only the good player? Only the good players. Okay, so this is what we're going to do today. We're going to hit the puck
and take that up with the Phantom that I have there, and then we look
exactly what happens. I've heard that you do not hit the puck first, but me
wants to see the dynamics of what happens. But first, let's take a look at the stick here. What kind of stick
is it, is it a wooden stick? No, it is one piece of composite. Yeah
made from graphite.